In this lecture, will implement the first
three steps to come up with a parameterized
junit test that is will identify the
input data and results will create the
field at the test class level and then
we will create a constructor to do that
launch the Eclipse IDE go to the
calculator project which you have
created in the maven and junit section
which is the previous section if you see
the calculator impl class it has a
ADD method with two numbers and it
returns the sum of those two numbers as
the result and in the calculator impl
test they are already written a test
which takes two numbers and we are
asserting to see the result is as
expected so let's start converting this
junit test into a parameterized junit
the first step is to identify the inputs
which we already know there are two
inputs num1 and num2 two numbers and the
result is also a integer so let's start
creating fields inside the test class say
int num1 int num2 and then int result so
we have three different fields the two
inputs and the one output the second
step is to create a constructor public
copy the class name of the test void
constructor in here we are going to pass
in three different parameters again int
num1 int num2 int result this dot number
one we are going to assign the values
that came in is equal to num1 this dot
num 2 is equal to num 2 this
dot result is equal to result can take
this void out here the constructor doesn't return anything we do not need a
return type specified there so we are
done so in this
lecture we have simply identified the
inputs and the result and then we have
created three different fields at the
class level we can mark these as private
all the three field and then we have
created a constructor that takes these
three as parameters and we are setting
the three values that come to the
constructor on to this global fields.
The next lecture will create a static method
that will give the data sets that are
required for this test case.